README.md, before:

# Foobar Infrastructure

A set of Google Cloud Project and Kubernetes resources to deploy the [foobar-api](https://github.com/containous/foobar-api).

[![GitHub Super-Linter](https://github.com/barolab/foobar-infra/workflows/lint/badge.svg)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/super-linter)

## Getting Started

A `Makefile` is at your disposal to interact with the repository:

```sh
Usage:
  make <target>

Targets:
  fmt             Format the Terraform code
  lint            Lint all source code
  tf-init         Init the terraform modules
  tf-init-eu      Init the terraform GKE module (EU)
  tf-init-us      Init the terraform GKE module (US)
  tf-init-dns     Init the terraform DNS module
  tf-apply        Apply the terraform modules
  tf-apply-eu     Apply the terraform module (EU)
  tf-apply-us     Apply the terraform module (US)
  tf-destroy      Destroy the terraform modules
  tf-destroy-eu   Destroy the terraform module (EU)
  tf-destroy-us   Destroy the terraform module (US)
  tf-teardown     Destroy the GKE clusters
  tf-teardown-eu  Destroy the GKE cluster (EU)
  tf-teardown-us  Destroy the GKE cluster (US)
  kube-init-eu    Get the Kubernetes contexts and put them in ~/.kube/foobar-eu  (EU)
  kube-init-us    Get the Kubernetes contexts and put them in ~/.kube/foobar-us (US)
  help            Print this help message
```

## Read More

If you want to dive into the code and start playing with the repository, check the [setup documentation](./docs/setup.md) and start playing around!

If you're interested about the architecture, the reasoning and the choices made here, check the [challenge documentation](./docs/challenge.md)

Commit message:

feat(): self signed certs (#25)
A coup of changes to try to have valid self signed TLS certificates for
POD to POD communication within our Kubernetes clusters.

This follows the Cert Manager documentation for Self Signed certificates
and introduces Trust Manager to bundle the CA with over valid certs.

README.md, after:

# Foobar Infrastructure

A set of Google Cloud Project and Kubernetes resources to deploy the [foobar-api](https://github.com/containous/foobar-api).

[![GitHub Super-Linter](https://github.com/barolab/foobar-infra/workflows/lint/badge.svg)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/super-linter)

## Getting Started

A `Makefile` is at your disposal to interact with the repository:

```sh
Usage:
  make <target>

Targets:
  fmt             Format the Terraform code
  lint            Lint all source code
  tf-init         Init the terraform modules
  tf-init-eu      Init the terraform GKE module (EU)
  tf-init-us      Init the terraform GKE module (US)
  tf-init-dns     Init the terraform DNS module
  tf-apply        Apply the terraform modules
  tf-apply-eu     Apply the terraform module (EU)
  tf-apply-us     Apply the terraform module (US)
  tf-destroy      Destroy the terraform modules
  tf-destroy-eu   Destroy the terraform module (EU)
  tf-destroy-us   Destroy the terraform module (US)
  tf-teardown     Destroy the GKE clusters
  tf-teardown-eu  Destroy the GKE cluster (EU)
  tf-teardown-us  Destroy the GKE cluster (US)
  kube-init-eu    Get the Kubernetes contexts and put them in ~/.kube/foobar-eu  (EU)
  kube-init-us    Get the Kubernetes contexts and put them in ~/.kube/foobar-us (US)
  get-client-cert Get the client certificate from the foobar namespace
  get-mtls        Send an HTTP request to foobar using mtls
  help            Print this help message
```

## Read More

If you want to dive into the code and start playing with the repository, check the [setup documentation](./docs/setup.md) and start playing around!

If you're interested about the architecture, the reasoning and the choices made here, check the [challenge documentation](./docs/challenge.md)
